# Managing Many Hobbies

I am a person of many hobbies. Although I don't have ADHD, I have been asked by many people if I do on account of my long list of special interests including programming, sewing, drawing / painting, dressing up, learning languages, cooking & baking, magic: the gathering, and many more.

I recently took on a new project: running [guild](theunboundcrew.com) where all my artist friends can gather together, post their work, and earn XP for their efforts. The points don't do anything but it's a lot of fun! We have a discord and everything, and around 10 members at this point.

I went ahead and built a guild website so people can log their points online rather than me keeping track of everything. It was supposed to make things easier for everyone once it was launched. While I do think that it has made things easier, and people can get instant gratification, I am finding that feature creep is starting to wear on me.

Every time that I think to start working on my own personal site, something in the back of my head reminds me that the guild is not finished and there is a lot I could be working on. I went in to start building the User Profile Edit function, only to realize that it could be a massive security risk. I thought I could get it done quickly.

In the end, this site is my real love and what I want to be working on. I might start only doing big "pushes" for the guild site once per month, like have one big feature release per month. Then everything else will have to wait because I don't want to end up taking away from the Crypt.