# 10,000 Hours

I've never read Malcom Gladwell's 10,000 Rule, nor do I plan to. But the idea is catchy... spend 10k hours on any one skill and you will achieve a decent level of mastery.

Given that fact, during the eclipse I was pondering my poisiton in the world as an artist. I thought about how I have been struggling to find time to practice my craft; or is it that I can't find the desire? Probably some combination of the two, let's be honest.

I decided to count it up. All the time I have spent on all the skills that I really have practiced... art, Japanese, programming, and, recently, tailoring (sewing). The results were shocking to me.

I've spent 4-5 times more hours on programming than I have on drawing.

Sure, it's true that I work a dayjob that requires me to do programming, so I have plenty of time in my schedule for it. But in the end... I actually know what it feels like to be almost 10k hours into a skill.

And...... I want that feeling. I crave to know what it feels like to have my current proficiency with code, but with copics and photoshop brushes. Imagine the possibilities!

It feels extremely doable today. If I did it once, I can do it again right? Sure, it will take me longer since I don't have 8 hours per day, five days per week. But a big part of why I can so "easily" code is because I have specific projects to work on.

I'm thinking I just need to work out some projects for art that will be exciting, engaging, and interesting. What do I want to draw? Who do I want to be?

I also remember what it was like to be 1,800 hours in to programming. I was barely stumbling my way through the codebase after just getting hired on as a junior developer. I thought I knew so much... but I was just getting started.

I guess that's where I'm at with my art now. Even if I've been an artist my whole life... my timesheet tells me I'm still just getting started ;)