# I finished my tattoo

*TW: body modification & self worth*

I've been working on this piece for over a year now. It's been quite a journey... my first artist was entirely insane, possibly under some kind of influence, and definitely not fit to be tattooing in his state.

I found an artist who was willing to work with my initial linework. They have tattooed in many places around the world, and specialize in large-scale Japanese work. They also made me feel safe, comfortable, and at home.

Throughout the course of this piece, I never really thought twice about how majorly I was modifying my body. Sure, it was winter, so it was hidden for most of the day anyway.

40 hours of work later, though... after my final session, I had a shift in my perspective. What if the colors didn't match my wardrobe? Does it look like "me"? Am I... worthy of such a beautiful piece?

Sometimes when I look in the mirror now, I feel that I am finally representing on the outside who I am on the inside. Other times, I see someone unrecognizably cool. 

Like a child trying on their parent's lipstick, I wonder if one day I will come to know this modification to be a part of who I am as a person. And the emotional part of me worries that I will always feel like I am playing dress-up with my skin.

At the very least, having high-coverage tattoos has shifted others' perspectives of me for the better. I found that the more I show it at work, the more people seem to feel comfortable approaching me in a casual tone. 

I also sometimes struggle to find words when I'm under a lot of stress, and that can come off as innocent or meek. When I walk in with a full sleeve, even when I don't have a lot of words on that day, people are somehow taking me more seriously and interpreting me as myself more quickly.

Regardless of what happens... I am very grateful and proud to finally have completed this tattoo. I feel like I have accomplished something. And I have taken one step closer to becoming the person that I have always wanted to be.